1. What is the use of promises in javascript?
Promises are used to handle asynchronous operations in javascript.
Before promises, callbacks were used to handle asynchronous operations. But due to limited functionality of callback, 
using multiple callbacks to handle asynchronous code can lead to unmanageable code.

Promise object has four states -

Pending - Initial state of promise. This state represents that the promise has neither been fulfilled nor been rejected, 
it is in the pending state.
Fulfilled - This state represents that the promise has been fulfilled, meaning the async operation is completed.
Rejected - This state represents that the promise has been rejected for some reason, meaning the async operation has failed.
Settled - This state represents that the promise has been either rejected or fulfilled.


2. What is the use of a constructor function in javascript?When do we use constructor functions?
ans => Constructor functions are used to create objects in javascript.
If we want to create multiple objects having similar properties and methods, constructor functions are used.

3.What are some of the built-in methods in JavaScript?
ans => Date() = represents the present and time 
      concat( ) = join two strings and returns the new strings
      push() = adds an item to an array 
      pop() = removes and also return the last element of an array 
      length() = returns the length of a string 


4.  What are the conventions of naming a variable in JavaScript?
ans => Following are the naming conventions for a variable in JavaScript:-


1.Variable names cannot be similar to that of reserved keywords. For example, var, let, const, etc.
2.Variable names cannot begin with a numeric value. They must only begin with a letter or an underscore character.
3.Variable names are case-sensitive.


5. What are the arrow functions in JavaScript?
ans => Arrow functions are a short and concise way of writing functions in JavaScript. 


6. What are Closures in JavaScript?
ans => Closures provide a better, and concise way of writing JavaScript code for the developers and programmers.
Closures are created whenever a variable that is defined outside the current scope is accessed within the current scope.


7. What is the difference between undeclared & undefined?
ans => Undeclared variables are those that do not exist in a program and are not declared. 
       If the program tries to read the value of an undeclared variable, then a runtime error is encountered. 

    Undefined variables are those that are declared in the program but have not been given any value. 
    If the program tries to read the value of an undefined variable, an undefined value is returned.


8. What is the ‘Strict’ mode in JavaScript and how can it be enabled?
Strict mode is a way to introduce better error-checking into your code.
You can enable strict mode by adding “use strict” at the beginning of a file, a program, or a function.   


